dev/reference: update transaction related documents (#1161)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: 10
- When a transaction encounters retriable errors (such as transaction conflicts, over slow transaction commit, or table schema changes), this transaction can be re-executed. This variable is used to set the maximum number of the retries.

### tidb_disable_txn_auto_retry

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default: 1

> - This variable is used to set whether to disable automatic retry of explicit transactions. If you set this variable to 1, the transaction does not retry automatically. If there is a transactional conflict, the transaction needs to be retried at the application layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to disable automatic retry of explicit transactions. The default value of 1 means that transactions will not automatically retry in TiDB and `COMMIT` statements may return errors that will need to be handled in the application layer.

Setting the value to 0 means that TiDB will automatically retry transactions, resulting in fewer errors from `COMMIT` statements. Be careful when making this change, since it may result in lost updates.
```

    This variable does not affect automatically committed implicit transactions and internally executed transactions in TiDB. The maximum retry count of these transactions is determined by the value of `tidb_retry_limit`.

>     To decide whether you need to disable automatic retry, see [description of optimistic transactions](/dev/reference/transactions/transaction-isolation.md#description-of-optimistic-transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To decide whether you can enable automatic retry, see [description of optimistic transactions](/dev/reference/transactions/transaction-isolation.md#description-of-optimistic-transactions).
```
